lets create a video that targets the busy professional. lets have the video start out with the characters alarm blarring, show the character getting out of bed and goes and wakes up her children in another room , then have her picking out the childrens outfits and then show her in the kitchen cooking breakfast and putting together lunches for the kids for school. then lets have one of the kids tell there mother there going to be late. and show the family grabing there belongings , backpack and putting on shoes and racing out the door. then show the car pulling up to the kids school and the kids are in a hurry to get out of the car, they say goodbye to there mother and tell her they love her and will see her later. then show the mom in her car caught in traffic , then pan to the mom character looking stressed and checking her watch or phone for the time. have the character honk the horn several times while she is still in traffic. then the next scene is the mom character clocking in at her job. then cut to the mom character at her desk with a bunch of papers and books stacked up looking stressed. then cut to a scene of the mom character clocking out and walking out of her building she works in and then the phone rings. its her child asking if she could have her friends over for dinner. then the next scene should shoot to the mom character at the grocery store with a cart full of food. then have the next shot be of the mom character walking through the front door of her house with her hands full of bags of groceryies, only to come home to toys and arts and crafts strung all over the house , have several seperate quick shots of different rooms in the house all cluttered and semi dirty , with toys and stuff everywere and then show her children and friends running all around the house.






 then the next scene should be the mom character in the kitchen cooking dinner , looking stressed. then quickly jump to a shot of the dinner table with all the kids sitting around the table all eating dinner. then cut to the friends getting picked up by there parents and the mom character and her kids waving goodbye as there friends car drives away. then cut to the mom character putting the kids to bed and then finally have the mom character walk slowing towards her bed in her bedroom and flop down onto the mattress face first . looking completely exhausted. then have a voice over begin to pitch puretask. asking if this looks like your life you could really use the help of puretask and perfessional cleaners